[master < mage-1.5.1-changelog] MAGE 1.5.1 changelog (#665)
memgraph/docs: mage/changelog.md

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

## v1.5.1 - Jan 20, 2023

### Major Features and Improvements

> - Bumped version of Memgraph to use from Docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The version of MemgraphDB that will be used in the Docker image has been updated to 2.5.1.
```
